---
title: Infinite Loop
time: 2021
cover: infinite-loop.png
slug: infinite-loop
iframesrc: https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/playlists/1309622320%3Fsecret_token%3Ds-V58j9Nz1tqT&color=%23ff5500&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true
---

<v-main>
<v-container>
<h1 align="center">Infinite Loop</h1>
<div align="center">2021</div>

TODO: album links

<WidgetsMdEmbeddedPlaylist :src="iframesrc"></WidgetsMdEmbeddedPlaylist>

Hi, excited to announce. I just released my 1st album 🔥Infinite Loop🔥. It's available on Spotify, AppleMusic, AmazonMusic, and SoundCloud now.

The album includes 10 songs. I consider it as a product. Here is the User Story. As a developer, when I coding, I want to have some background music to help me concentrate and decrease the stress so that I can do my job more efficiently. Because it's a product, so I also considered how to ensure its user experience. The characteristics of a good UX are 4: Usable, Equitable, Useful, and Enjoyable. I tried to meet these four characteristics in the process of making this album. I'm happy with the output so far. The 10 songs are all made with ❤️ for developers. Hope you like it as well.

Here are some interesting details about the album.

- All the songs are made by iPad (6th gen).
- The title of each song is a programming joke.
- All the songs are loop. So it won't disturb the listeners to think and work.
- The album cover is made by CSS. I wanted to use Pixel Art as the cover, but I couldn't find designers who would like to do it together yet.
- Some Ambient Sounds are hidden in the music. It helps the listener to relax. e.g. fire crackling, record popping, night rain.
- There is one song that only shows half of the name. Because Spotify and AppleMusic don't support displaying special characters in song titles. But you can see the complete song title on SoundCloud.
- The character of Lofi Coder Avatar is generated by Apple Memoji. I assembled the graphics by Figma Online.
- The stickers on Lofi Coder's Mac are all Frontend Technologies which I like.
- I made the album in my free time. It takes about 8 months.
- SoundCloud rejected my release application at first. The reason is that my real name is too short, it doesn't seem like a legal name.
- AppleMusic rejected the Lofi Coder Avatar at first. The reason was that no typography or logos of any kind are allowed to exist in the Avatar. I have to remove all of the technology stickers on the Mac, only the Apple logo left. Strictly speaking, the existence of the Apple logo in Avatar also breaks the rules. But the review magically passed.

</v-container>
</v-main>
